hey guys is what you're looking at in
today I got the review on my custom
leather holster for my HK 3 p PX for gas
blowback pistol hope you enjoy the video
okay guys this is going to be more of an
overview than really a review I just
thought it was something cool that I
have added to my collection that I think
everyone could benefit from if you use a
gas blowback pistol um as you see it is
a very simple leather holster and I got
I came in the mind of wanting to get one
after i took my cousin to this medieval
shop because he likes swords and he was
in town on he is in town because of a
funeral but you know he likes swords and
stuff so we went by there because they
just opened up literally two weeks
before and the guy is also a really good
he's a leather maker to the store is
called the leather art store so we went
in there and checked it out and I saw he
had leather holsters and he could make
him he literally makes him to fit the
gun so basically what i did i took my WP
x4 and he took some dead since it's an
airsoft gun you know he didn't use some
high quality load but he took some scrap
whether he had laying around and he
basically sewed a holster around it as
you see he triple stitched the lining of
how the gun would fit and then he also
did two parts for the belt loop and then
as you can see you can see the stitching
much better in the back but overall i
only paid ten dollars for this you know
he that was including tax to and it's
only right down the street from you so
ten dollars I got me a really cool
holster in a second here you'll see it
on my side but I mean it's all you need
um even if you're moving around fast
their works good and if it got to the
point where it would come out of the
holster on he said he could do it i'm
pretty sure anyone else could do it but
you can just install a buckle or a
button that can come right up to the top
of the pistol grip that way when you go
down to get it out of your holster you
can just undo the button in one motion
and then pull the gun up in another so
overall a really cool holster a really
cool combination i really
like it a lot and also zoom in on this
you probably can't see it but this was a
a skull and crossbones he just kind of
indicated it into the leather it didn't
stay there too much but it was just a
free little accessory I could add on but
as you see guys a leather holster I'm
really cool when I go play I've only
seen one guy used one of these that's
because he was a World War to be an
actor so I'm going to pause the video
and show you what it looks like when i
use it ok guys so here we go as you see
on it kind of crimps up when it's on the
belt but that's because you know when
you what you got to do to make the
holster specifically fit your gun after
it's custom made you got a weird process
but you gotta put the gun with the
holster in cold water that way it gives
time for the leather to cure into a you
know a certain shape so when I have it
in the holster it's in there good you
see it's just enough resistance going
out to where if I was running you know
women doing whatever it's not going to
come out but as I said if you always
wanted to put the buckle you can have it
rivet it in from each side and then have
to where you can push it off and then
pull the gun out so really cool and you
really can't find any decent holster for
ten dollars so if you all have a pistol
i really suggest you to try this out ok
guys i hope you enjoyed this video sorry
I'm doing just a lot of simple videos
lately I kids I know usually been doing
nothing but reviews so on I think it's
cool and I could do things on holsters
and as my previous video was on the as I
said in the video is probably fake
somebody kind of confirmed that for me a
UH you know just a counterfeit or a fake
cry precision mag clip so I'm just
little accessories here and there you'll
see that he is on but uh yeah I really
like this holster and if y'all get a
chance to get one I would definitely
suggest it but uh some news for the
future um I finally have got me a real
steel gun i'm not going to show it in
this video because i wanted to be a
surprise it's nothing really huge though
it's just something that I can go out
there do some target shooting with on
the range just to get a feel for
steal again because I've only shot real
still once or twice I'm mainly airsoft
so you'll see some of that here in the
future I really can't wait to do that I
can't wait to you know get some
ammunition fork is not being 21 I can't
buy the ammunition myself okay guys up
that's pretty much it I hope you all
enjoyed this video as I said much more
to come we have the area's lmg shooting
test we're going to have the zombie
mutilating target the one that just
bleeds um I shot it twice just to test
it out just to make sure airsoft guns
can pierce it so I will be shooting that
with at least the kjw mark one as since
that is my strongest gun and then
possibly maybe an AEG if it will pierce
so y'all look forward to that that's
going to be coming in the future too and
then hopefully if I get the ammo fast
enough and I can actually get out to the
target range I will of course under the
permission of the target range I will be
shooting the bleeding target with an
actual firearm so I can't wait to do
that that's going to be really exciting
so on yeah hope you guys enjoyed this
video I know it's kind of making it more
of an update than anything but I always
like to put ad little things in there
like the whole strew self ok guys that's
it i hope you enjoyed this video this
has been what you looking at production
in a mount